here is the one where we take the water the baiia
mr deschamps to whom stalking there was
said saiz kilometer walk it wears the
shoes that you'll put on that use that
use of kilometers on foot it uses the
shoes three kilometers walk it wears
it wears e3 who will foot mouth
dry room
pretending is going to do a little the end to no
no no really really not fraçois
françois it's not going well it's okay anymore
at all but look good but
why because she holds me I
must also with glasses
but why your mouth you're ugly she
will look like the form of shrek a series
enough on their physical tual page
shrek goodbye friends
hi hi kisses
bye bye kisses break you go
yes, yes
you decorate an effort idle it does not
beautiful
even yesterday I was in my shower he
raining in my shower I wash myself as
that it was raining yeah to France is you
do something shit to the